feat: modernize packaging (#277)
miyuchina/mistletoe: cutting-a-release.md

* set a release version & commit [chore: version <x.y.z>](https://github.com/miyuchina/mistletoe/commit/35dfaa0a95e8abb1cdceb8e449f9590905dca439)
* publish artifacts of the release
    * official documentation: [Packaging Python Projects](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/)
    * make sure there are no old relicts in the local "dist" folder
    * build distribution archives (sdist and Wheel files in "dist/*"): `$ uv build`
    * upload the distribution archives to PyPi:
        * if unsure, upload to test PyPi and/or test locally - see [docs](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/#uploading-the-distribution-archives)

>         * do the upload to PyPi: `$ uvx twine upload dist/*`

Reviewer: uv replaces twine via `uv publish` . 

https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/package/#publishing-your-package

Moreover if it is done in github action, the uploadd requires no secrets if the "trusted publishing" is setup https://docs.pypi.org/trusted-publishers/adding-a-publisher/ 

so just `uv build`  / `uv publish`  is enough
https://github.com/mgaitan/python-package-copier-template/blob/main/project/.github/workflows/cd.yml.jinja#L40-L41

Author: I forgot to update it here, done now.

>         * do the upload to PyPi: `$ uvx twine upload dist/*`

Author: ```suggestion
        * do the upload to PyPI: `$ uv publish dist/*`
```
